README.md, before:

# SLA Infrastructure

Infrastructure for monitoring SLA violations with InfluxDB, Grafana and n8n.

> ⚠️ Default credentials for InfluxDB and Grafana are hardcoded in
> `docker-compose.yml` for quick local setup. **Change them before using this
> stack in any shared or production environment.**

## Quick start

Run services step by step.

### Step 1 – InfluxDB
```bash
docker compose up -d influxdb
curl -I http://localhost:8086/health
```
Default login: `admin` / `adminpassword`, token `admintoken`. Update these
values in `docker-compose.yml` to secure your deployment.

### Step 2 – Grafana
```bash
docker compose up -d grafana
curl -I http://localhost:3000/login
```
Default login: `admin` / `admin`. Update these values in `docker-compose.yml`
to secure your deployment.

The Grafana container runs as the root user so it can write to the local
`grafana/` directory used for data persistence.

### Step 3 – n8n
```bash
docker compose up -d n8n
curl -I http://localhost:5678
```
Open http://localhost:5678 in a browser to access the editor.

n8n is configured for local use without HTTPS; the `N8N_SECURE_COOKIE` option
is set to `false` so the editor works over plain HTTP.

Data is stored in `influxdb/`, `grafana/`, `n8n/` and `local-files/`.

Commit message:

Automatically create services bucket and token

README.md, after:

# SLA Infrastructure

Infrastructure for monitoring SLA violations with InfluxDB, Grafana and n8n.

> ⚠️ Default credentials for InfluxDB and Grafana are hardcoded in
> `docker-compose.yml` for quick local setup. **Change them before using this
> stack in any shared or production environment.**

## Quick start

Run services step by step.

### Step 1 – InfluxDB
```bash
docker compose up -d influxdb
curl -I http://localhost:8086/health
```
Default login: `admin` / `adminpassword`, token `admintoken`. Update these
values in `docker-compose.yml` to secure your deployment.

The container also creates a `services` bucket and writes a token with
read/write access to `influxdb/services-token.json` for other services to use.

### Step 2 – Grafana
```bash
docker compose up -d grafana
curl -I http://localhost:3000/login
```
Default login: `admin` / `admin`. Update these values in `docker-compose.yml`
to secure your deployment.

The Grafana container runs as the root user so it can write to the local
`grafana/` directory used for data persistence.

### Step 3 – n8n
```bash
docker compose up -d n8n
curl -I http://localhost:5678
```
Open http://localhost:5678 in a browser to access the editor.

n8n is configured for local use without HTTPS; the `N8N_SECURE_COOKIE` option
is set to `false` so the editor works over plain HTTP.

Data is stored in `influxdb/`, `grafana/`, `n8n/` and `local-files/`.
